hi I'm rockin Robin from cooking Mexican
recipes calm and today I'm going to be
making some authentic carne asada street
tacos now this recipe was sent to me by
a reader to my website named Bruce hurt
Bruce
originally is from Southern California
and he moved to Washington State and he
couldn't find any really good Mexican
food so he wanted to create his own and
that's what he did here with this recipe
and I'm going to share that with you
today and also I'd like to invite you to
go to my website and read his version of
it and I'll leave a link below for you
to find that
so the first thing I want to do is go
over our marinade and all of our
ingredients so what we have here is
we're going to be using a pound and a
half of skirt steak
now Bruce says that this is the best
kind of meat to use you can use flank
steak but this one has a little bit more
marbling the skirt steak has more
marbling for more flavor and it's a
little bit more tender now we're also
going to need a couple two cups of
orange juice I've got some freshly
squeezed lime juice and right here I've
got some cumin seed and some minced
garlic and some chopped up fresh
cilantro and some salt and pepper okay
so what we're going to do is we're going
to mix our marinade together in a bowl
first so we get all the ingredients
combined so we're gonna pour the orange
juice in first and we want to have
enough marinade obviously to cover our
meat that's our lime juice our cumin
seed and our fresh garlic cilantro and
you can always vary the amount of this
if you want if you don't like too much
longer you can put less or if you love
it put a lot and then on our salt and
pepper so we're going to combine this
and then we're going to put everything
including the meat into a ziploc bag now
we're going to put everything in our
ziplock bag and hopefully I won't spill
it all right so I'll put the meat in
first be brave and pour it in okay here
we go
okay so we want to make sure that that
marinade is covering the meat now before
we before we seal it up we want to get
as much of the air out of it as we can
all right so we're going to kind of just
push it around a little bit and then
we're going to put this in the
refrigerator for at least four hours and
Bruce's put it in for as long as two
days so the longer it stays the more
it's going to really tenderize that meat
my meats been marinating in the
refrigerator now for a good four hours
and remember it's always better if you
could go overnight that would be optimal
and while while that was marinating I
went ahead and I chopped up this is a
half of a white onion finely minced and
I've got some chopped cilantro which I'm
going to just pour in and just kind of
mix together now what we're going to do
next is what's next is we're going to
take this out we're going to barbecue
our meat and then bring it in we're
going to chop it up and then we're ready
to put it together and serve it all
right I've got my barbecue heating up
here on medium-high heat and I'm going
to go ahead and put the meat on the
grill this is going to be a little messy
but wow the meats already really really
softened up take me a couple minutes
here to get this on and it's not going
to take very long to cook because this
meat is quite thin we're going to sear
it up whoo I can smell it I can smell
the citrus it's awesome I think my
stomach is rumbling now you want to make
sure you throw out your marinade after
you're done you don't want to keep that
I'm going to go ahead and close the lid
and check this in just a couple of
minutes it's not going to take very long
at all okay so we're gonna have a look
at this we don't want to overcook it oh
look at that
nice grill marks after we cut this up
we're probably going to heat it again at
least that's what Bruce tells me we're
going to heat it up a little bit more in
the microwave because it's going to cool
off as we cut it up smells incredible
nice and tender ok another minute on
that side we'll take it off all right so
now I think we're ready to take the meat
off and it looks pretty good nice grill
marks I move these over to the side
because they were done first now this
one here is still just a little bit more
rare than the others but we'll probably
be heating it up a little bit in the in
the microwave so we're going to take
those off take them in and then cut it
up and serve it alright so now we're
ready to cut up our meat into thumbnail
sized pieces so we'll make strips like
this you can see it's still a little bit
rare but it's going to go into the
microwave that'll cook it up a little
bit more only because by the time I get
done cutting all this up it's it's going
to cool off and we can't have cold food
it's got to be hot to be good
place it all back into the dish here as
I cut it up and we'll just continue
cutting our pieces up so I've got my
meat all chopped up into little pieces
here and the next thing we're going to
do is heat up our corn tortillas
now Bruce likes to make them authentic
with white corn so that's what we have
here and what I'm going to do today is
is put them in my tortilla oven and put
them in the microwave for about a minute
and then they will stay piping hot and
then we're going to heat up our meat
again to make sure it's piping hot and
then I'll plate it up so we've got our
tortillas hot I've used my tortilla oven
and you can see I don't know if you can
see the steam is just pouring out of
this thing and I reheated the meat a
little bit so that it is nice and hot
and we're going to put two tortillas
down I'm going to make two here put them
together hotsy-totsy x' okay separate
that so they will come apart so all we
do now is add some of our nice hot carne
asada just like that make to hear all
the smells are incredible guys this is
really really smelling good and then all
we do is top it off with our onions and
cilantro look at that beautiful now so
here you have authentic carne asada
street tacos so that's how you make
excellent authentic street tacos and I
want to thank Bruce for sending this
recipe in and if you have a recipe that
you would like me to make please leave a
comment below and who knows maybe we'll
feature your recipe right here on our
channel so thanks for watching and be
sure and visit cooking Mexican recipes
com
for more Mexican recipes you can make at
home and remember it's got to be hot to
be good
thanks for watching
you